[CCC-518] Add note about CUR endpoint not being FIPS validated in CCM AWS documentation (#27709)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/cloud_cost_management/aws.md

**Note**: Datadog only supports legacy CURs generated by AWS. Do not modify or move the files generated by AWS, or attempt to provide access to files generated by a 3rd party.

{{< site-region region="gov" >}}

> **Note**: The AWS Cost and Usage Reports endpoint is used to validate the above fields against the CUR export in your S3 bucket. This endpoint is not FIPS validated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning">The AWS Cost and Usage Reports endpoint is used to validate the above fields against the CUR export in your S3 bucket. This endpoint is not FIPS validated.</div>
```
